Okay.
So we are going to take inspiration from some of our previous work when it comes to storing the user's
search term that they provide in the skills input.
What I'm actually going to do is store it as part of our view store state.
And the reason I'm going to do it is to make it very simple in our getters, to use that term, that
search term, that is to filter down our filter jobs alongside all of the other criteria like the selected
organizations and the selected job types, etc..
What I am going to show you in this section later on is how we can actually solve the problem we ran
into in the previous section where we had duplicate state in both view acts as well as in a local component.
I'm going to show you an alternate solution to that problem in the section A compared to the subscribe
method which we introduced previously.
But regardless, for now, I just want to write a test to represent the property that's going to be
added to our unique store state.
So right here I've opened up my state dots file.
On the left here we have our initial function that returns the starting state of our view store.
And on the right hand side I have the corresponding state, that test file.
And here I want to write my test following a test driven development approach.
So I'm going to scroll down a little bit.
And how about right here?
I'm going to add my new test.
I'm going to say it's stores user's search term for skills and qualifications.
All right.
So again, following our design paradigms from the previous sections that we're going to build out our
view logic and then we're going to transition to actually adding it to our component.
So right here, very similar to the tests above, I'm going to invoke my state function and I'm going
to assign it to a starting state constant.
And I'm going to expect that my starting state object will have a new property, and it's up to us to
decide what we want it to be called.
I'm going to call it skills search term.
And obviously when it starts out, we anticipate that it should be empty because the user hasn't entered
anything yet.
So I'm going to say that it should be an empty string.
And of course, TypeScript is going to complain because it says you don't have a skills search term
property available on this global state interface.
So before I add it right here, the first thing I'm actually going to do is go to my right types.
That's far right here.
So in types that's in the source store directory is where I have my global state interface and it's
here that I'm going to define my new property.
So now this interface should have this exact property.
It's going to be called skills search term and it's going to be a string, a single string representing
the user's typed entry into that input.
And then I'm going to use that string to filter our jobs array right here so that when I save this file
and I go back to status, you can see that TypeScript is going to be unhappy because we just told it
that global state must have a skill search term property, such a string, but we don't have that anymore.
So this object doesn't live up to the promise of honoring this global state interface.
So in order to fix this typescript problem and also to get our test to pass, what I'm going to do is
add a new property here called the skills search term.
And of course, I'm going to initialize it to be an empty string.
Don't forget to add the comma and save.
And with that, we're going to let our tests run.
And if everything was done correctly, we should see everything pass.
Looks like there are quite a few components relying on the View Store state, which makes sense.
So it runs all the tests associated or utilizing that state.
But there we go.
Everything is passing, which means we now have a new property on our store state.
All right.
That's all there is to cover in this lesson.
So I will see you in the next one.